Add extra binaries in the setup command (#1208)
paritytech/zombienet: README.md

You can use the following arguments:

`--help` shows the different options and commands for using the Zombienet CLI.

> `--binaries` or `-b`: enables providing the binaries that you want to be downloaded and installed during the setup. Possible options: `polkadot`, `polkadot-parachain`, `polkadot-prepare-worker`, `polkadot-execute-worker`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--binaries` or `-b`: enables providing the binaries that you want to be downloaded and installed during the setup. Possible options: `polkadot`, `polkadot-parachain`, `all`
```
